improve documentation for partner onboarding (#89)
redhat-best-practices-for-k8s/kpi-collection-tool: docs/collecting-metrics.md

The `run` command gathers KPI metrics from Prometheus/Thanos and stores them in a database.

> [!TIP]
> **New here?** Start with the [Getting Started](getting-started.md) tutorial to collect your first metrics in 5 minutes.

Related guides:
- [Getting Started](getting-started.md)
- [KPI Configuration](kpis-file-configuration.md)
- [Database Commands](database-commands.md)
- [Grafana](grafana.md)

## Authentication Modes

> kpi-collector supports two authentication modes. Both produce the same two values needed to query Prometheus/Thanos: a **bearer token** and a **Thanos querier URL**.

Reviewer: > Both produce the same two values needed to query Prometheus/Thanos: a **bearer token** and a **Thanos querier URL**

That's not exactly true. The only one that produces the short-lived bearer token is the --kubeconfig method. The other relies on a pre-existing/pre-created token. I think the whole sentence can be removed.

| Mode | When to use |
|------|-------------|

> | `--kubeconfig` | You have kubeconfig access to the cluster. The tool discovers the Thanos URL and creates a token automatically. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--kubeconfig` | You have kubeconfig access to the cluster. The kubeconfig must belong to a user with admin privileges or sufficient permissions to create tokens for the prometheus-k8s service account in the openshift-monitoring namespace. |
```

Author: this comment of user permission is covered also in README, but I'll add it here as well

> | `--token` + `--thanos-url` | You don't have kubeconfig access, or you want to use a specific token/URL (e.g. from a different service account). |

Reviewer: In this mode, we should also mention that it's not possible to read PerformanceProfiles (no kubeconfig file at all) so no cpu templating (Dynamic CPU Placeholders) will be possible.

1. **Discovers the Thanos querier URL** — reads the OpenShift route `thanos-querier` in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace and extracts the hostname from `route.spec.host`.
2. **Creates a short-lived bearer token** — requests a token for the `prometheus-k8s` service account in `openshift-monitoring`. The token expiry is set automatically to match the collection duration plus a 10-minute buffer, so it won't expire mid-run. When `--once` is used the token is short-lived (10 minutes).

These are equivalent to:

```bash
# Discover Thanos URL
oc get route thanos-querier -n openshift-monitoring -o jsonpath='{.spec.host}'

# Create token — for a 45m collection (default): duration + 10m buffer = 55m
oc create token prometheus-k8s -n openshift-monitoring --duration=55m

# Create token — for --once mode: fixed 10m
oc create token prometheus-k8s -n openshift-monitoring --duration=10m
```

No new service account is created; the tool uses the existing `prometheus-k8s` account that ships with OpenShift monitoring.

After these two steps, the discovered URL and token are used exactly like the manual `--token` / `--thanos-url` flags for the rest of the collection run.

> 

Reviewer: We should extend this chapter with information about "what happens behind the scenes" when the prometheus response is retrieved: how we parse and store the metrics in the db's tables. Maybe the exact details about the tables and their schemes could be described in a separate markdown doc.

Author: its not too low level to the implementation? what's the benefit of explaining how we parse and store the data? considering the user will just navigate it with `db`

Reviewer: Yes, the "how" is not that important here, but the "what" actually is: we (1) parse, filter/clean the metrics (vectors and matrices) and then (2) put every metric as a row in a table of the db.
